the physical environments that I've worked. I came in the Navy on a ship.
The first, uh, my first tour was on a ship. Uh, the USS Carl Marotte
in Major C 57 out of Sync, Ingleside, Texas. I was a culinary specialist
then, and that physical environment, um, was very task tasking.
It was three of us on this ship myself. I was a third class a
second class in the first class. Um, all weather ship. A very small
ship, 186 ft long. There were only 50 p 54 people to include, uh, 15
women out of the 54 people. Very, uh, physical. A lot of physical work
you would expect for a CS to be in the galley cooking. Correct?
Well, some of my the things that I had to do waas, um when there was
low visibility, they would call me out of my racket night, and I would
have to go and sit on on the folks all and be the eyes and the ears
for the ship. And that would be after working long hours in the
galley. So very physical and taxing another, uh, physical part of being
in the Navy. I actually received my CFL command fitness leader,
um, certification and which helped me to be part of the PR ts. Ah, lot
of the PF phase that we administer here at not San Jose. And at on
this ship, I was able to watch Ah, sit ups, Um, push ups. We couldn't
do run on the ship, but all we could really do was push ups and
sit ups. So, to me, that's part of my physical ability. And then here
at the Nas here in San Jose, I'm not able to be the command fitness
leader, but just this job itself is very physical. We, um, work out
PT five times a week. We are in our blue and gold yellow T shirts,
blue bottoms, um, to me, that's being part of the physical part of